----LIVERYMAKER INSTRUCTIONS for CRJ-200----
I used GIMP to modify and make liveries. This guide uses GIMP, if you use other programs, try to do
the same thing, or you can send me the texture to make a lights for it if you don't know how.

The paintkit file is crj-200.xcf. Please save your livery file as both an .xcf (for editing details
later) and also as a .png in the format "[3-letter airline code*].png" in 2048 x 2048 resolution.

----XML----
1. Copy and paste one of the livery XML files.

2. Rename it to the same 3-letter code you used before.

3. Open it up, and edit the names of the files so that they match. Make sure to keep the Liveries/ 
   part because this shows that the image file is below the models directory, in the Liveries folder.

----WINGS----
The wings use a separate texture. Use wings.xcf as a template for them. (If you can do awesome
weathering effects, please email me, see address at bottom.)

----NOTES----
1. Once done with a finished livery, zip up the file and post it on the forums (in 787 and CRJ-200
   dev topic), email it to me at nickyivyca [at] yahoo [dot] com, or upload it to the main FG
   Liveries site (liveries.flightgear.org).

2. Only airlines who own or have owned CRJ-200s (or also 100s) should have liveries made. See 
   "wanted.txt" to see my most wanted list. Make sure you also use a real life registration number.

3. I have been making most of my liveries from practically scratch. It's okay if you're building a
   livery based on a GPL-licensed livery, as long as the livery remains accurate to the regional
   carrier in the process.

4. I won't be including weathering in the paintkit until I know how. The only places I've seen
   weathering in photos is on the engines and on the wings. Some smoke on the APU vent (gray part
   under right engine) is cool, though.

*3-letter airline code is the 3 letter code of the regional airline that operates the aircraft-not
   the master airline. Unless, of course, a master airline operates it on its own.

-------------

Nick I
Current Developer of the CRJ-200 Project

Questions?
nickyivyca [at] yahoo [dot] com or you can reach me on the official forums with username nickyivyca.